Initial version of Shim Project (#20034)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-http-compat/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 1.0.0 (2022-02-18)

Reviewer: any reason to release this early in the sprint cycle?

Author: The plan is:

1. Release this package
2. Make the corresponding code changes in the generator to use this package. 
3. Release a new version of the generator
4. So, we could use the new version of the generator to migrate other (6 packages that we discussed) packages and also the communication packages.

- First release of package, see README.md for details.

> - Introduced `ExtendedServiceClient`, `ExtendedServiceClientOptions` & `ExtendedCommonClientOptions` to provide compatibility for Core V1 to V2 migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `ExtendedServiceClient`, `ExtendedServiceClientOptions` & `ExtendedCommonClientOptions` to provide compatibility for packages depending on `@azure/core-http` to move to using `@azure/core-client` and `@azure/core-rest-pipeline` without breaking changes.
```
